What? This trash actually lifted it up.
That's fine.
I lifted it up to Wang Long
Great, great.
And he did.
Huh how
If you don't like it, Taro Takahashi only lifted 350 kilograms
My son did 400 kilos.
Now do you know who is trash?
You dare to humiliate me
If you have the ability, you can also lift these 400 kilograms.
Let the big guys see that the old man is nothing
Back then, you relied on the fact that there were no young people in our village
Arrogant
Now you try to be crazy again.
Your parents who abused you don't even know who you are
Look at Wanglong
Just won the Olympic sojourn
Now it has directly broken through 400 kilograms
Defeated Taro Takahashi
This is for our country
Glory to our ancestors
You learn
Don't worry, village chief
Ruolan will study hard
OK
Taro Takahashi
You lost, as agreed.
You kneel down immediately and apologize to Zhao Daming